DONE. Show user they cannot change their username
DONE. Implement password recovery process
DONE. Create fake accounts
DONE. Make it impossible to friend yourself.
DONE. Make it impossible to friend someone more than once
DONE. Make it possible to unfriend somebody.
DONE. Make sure all usernames are exclusive
DONE. Create maximum file upload size of N MB (for now)
load when not on your own page)
DONE. Filesize in FILE database addition
11. Add in voting mechanism for the pictures
DONE. Orgganize first page by votes
num models uploadable
PIUBLIC THRESHOLDS FOR UPGRADING THE SYSTEM AND LOWERING MY PERCENT
LIKE 200M VOTE WITH FEATURES
50% 25% dataset 25% model
14. Tell when user has registered successfully or not and why
14. Add other properties to dataset [UPVOTES, COMMENTS,]
15. Change default description to no description
16. MAKE SURE FILE UPLAODED IS CSV
14. set the rules clearly, permanent email and user ban if you're found breaking the rules
    - porn, illegality
    - month timeouts for hard slurs,
    - n comments a month to get rid of bots, or pay extra to comment? premium for unlimited?
vote on price as well, market can decide, between suppliers and payers
test server -> pbd ->main or an order like that [ build with large db to test functions people want to use with db]
option to update with no changes
option to get rid of features as well
same softmax voting scheme to distribute capital
allocate equity out of my %
build pie chart with % for all distribution
password reset will need live url
turn home into table instead of rando
array is auto sorting? index.html sort by vote
probably easier to sort jsut by creating a new query
QUALITY OF LIFE
8. Remove certain things when not on YOUR OWN page (take away abilities to up
eventually sort by size
random raffle for anyone who entered stuff for a %
make password recovery only available from the email link


subs - > grey[unbsub] -> green[sub] -> blue, purple gold


ABANDONED
10.personal block list
13. Check user profiles without session? Maybe not

giveprivelegaes to otp donatoer
